Who said Boss Liang and I would die?
He Xiaoze
You seem a little self-confident.
You are not only emotionally unstable
You know yourself?
Also a problem
Ye Xia, don't just play tricks
Do you think you can get away with it?
It's just beginning.
What did Mr. Yang find?
Where did you find it?
Yes, yes.
What are you stuttering about?
In the cellar of a lifetime of scoundrels
But only part of it.
Some are still missing
What!
Okay, what kind of insurance are you?
Be loyal to your own pocket
Secretly colluding with workers to hide cultural relics in their homes
Do you have any idea what that is?
I suspect Liang Chunqiu is also an insider
Neither of you can run today
Framing you is clearly framing
It's no use, he's using wool.
We know he's framing
But I don't have any evidence.
There's nothing we can do about him
Ye Xian, what this young master said just now is still valid
If you kneel down and kowtow to Ben
Maybe I can let you go